Introduction
------------
This paper is also centered on elucidating the relationship between the Ctenophora and Porifera locations on the tree of life. More specifically, it is investigating if the siter to all other animals is Porifera or Ctenophora. Previous reseach has shown, from morphological studies, that the sister ot all animals is the Sea Sponge based up morphological data and coceptual knowledge about the emergence of the nervous system which is in Ctenphora but not Porifera. The first two papers, including one where Joe was a co-author, talk about both sides of the arguement ending in the acceptance of the original hypothesis based upon re-working of the models and data used in the analysis (major LBA, imporper model usage, and wrong parameters were found to contribute to the wrokng phylogeny. 

They re-analyzed the data gathered from Phillipe et al (one of the first papers to talk about the Ctenophora sister grooup to all animals) and found the same results. Their logical to why htey recovered this phlylogeny is because the genes used in question for the analysis are ribosomal genes -- which could be very biased for a certain evolution not contigent on the the actual evolutionary trajectory of the organism.

Some of the logical as to why investigators have come to the conclusion of Ctenophora being sister to all other taxa also relies on the fact that there is significant long branch atttraction (Felstein 81) which causes the Ctenphora lineage to coinside with other long branches -- in this case the evolution of all other animals. While this is an issue, if one were to add additional outgroups, in order to break up the long branches, they hypothesize that it would recover the tree with Porifera as sister to all animals. 

Interestingly, they found in all of their analysis (primarily using the model introduced by Phillipe and used in his paper regarding the possible sister Ctenophora) that the sister grorup to all animals are Ctenophora. What is also interesting is that they compiled all of the statistical analysis and a priori data manipulation and trimming which unequivicly shows that the Porifera clade is not sister to all animals -- and had abmisal support in every test besides Philipes original test. However table 2 shows many examples of there being no statistical for any other clade combinations besides the monophylyl porifera and the sistet Ctenophora grouping -- we are talkign about super low p-values to the point where they converged to 1 due to the significant figures (even if they had 10 significant figures most of the results woudl converge to one.  

The end of the paper pushes the idea of Porifera and Ctenophora being sister taxa to one another -- meaning there was some sort of convergent evolution for the nervous system in Ctenophora coinsiding with the nervous system in all other animals. Why I think this has merit comes from the paper 'Is Genetic Evolution Predicatible?' by Stern and Orgogozo 2009 which goes over the trajectory of evolution for genomes and shows that some evolutionary trajectories can be predicated and not all convergence evoltuioln is strictly stochiametric. While this is just an idea, I cannot say I agree with the revised phylogeny since I do not find enough evidence to support it with our current knowledge base. I do not doubt that it is a possibility of convergent/predictable evolution of a 'complex' trait (think of the allegory of the blind watchmaker) without more investigation. Alongside these critiques, I am also not convinced with the bootstraps that provided for each possible clade -- it seesm like they did not intend to show the p-values.




